{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue245;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20620\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Comments:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Present more background work on system scenarios (Anja)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}End of 2.3\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}One bibliography for the whole thesis (Kjetil)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Added before the appendices 
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Explain that the background SRAM is not part of the exploration (Luc)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Sec. 3.1
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Extend Ch. 5.1 to include the conclusions of each paper apart from the general conclusion of the thesis (Kjetil)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Last 3 paragraphs of Sec. 5.1 changed
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Fix Fig. A.6 (Ahmed) 
\f2\fs32 # The algorithm on p.77 is not complete
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Fixed
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Change motivational example - Alg. 1 in B.2 (Ahmed)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Fixed
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Explain why the methodology works for a thousand of RTSs, such as the case study on App. C (Kjetil) 
\f2\fs32 # Explain why the methodology works for a thousand of RTSs and explain the\uc0\u8232 \'a0 "pruning" approach based on the designer knowledge better
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Changed Sec.3.2.3
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Discuss an article by Ahmed Hemani about an NoC architecture with multiple banks (Ahmed) 
\f2\fs32 # Why is "ideal gain" not better reached with the proposed memory organisation\uc0\u8232 \'a0 Can adding a NoC help there?
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Last paragraph Sec. 2.4
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}More about profiling tools and that the clustering is done semi-manually (Kjetil) 
\f2\fs32 # Explain profiling better especially with Valgrind usage and manual\uc0\u8232 \'a0 approach: how do you mix this?
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Changed Sec.3.2.2 and Sec.3.2.3\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Full reference for the papers at the appendix (Luc)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Fixed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f2\fs32 # Memory model derivation should be better explained (with Prime Time and\uc0\u8232 \'a0 place & route extraction etc)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Sec 3.1.2, third bullet\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f2\fs32 # Why are results so different between 1st and 2nd paper (more\uc0\u8232 \'a0 accurate model ...)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Sec 3.1.2, last par.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f2\fs32 # How many data variables are typically needed to characterize the scenarios?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\b Sec 3.2.3, last par.
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320

\b \cf0 Fixed typos:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\b0\fs24 \cf0 - p 10, 2. paragraph: "advanced *signal* substitution". I assume you mean "variable" where you write signal?\
\
- p 12, 2. paragraph. "knows only addresses". I assume you mean "one dimensional addresses" since a general address space can also be multidimensional?\
\
- p 26, 2.paragraph. "careful study" is oblique. Do you mean manual inspection or what?\
\
- p 90, 1. paragraph "afterwords" means epilogues. You meant "afterwards", but a better for what you want to say is "subsequently".\
\
- p 130, 1. paragraph. "(240 10)", there should probably be a multiplication mark between the numbers?
\f2\fs32 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320
\cf0 General comments:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 System scenarios for multiple applications on the same platform (Anja)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs32 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f2 	}# HW-SW method: what happens if application does not match the\uc0\u8232 \'a0 application any more? (consequence of domain specific approach)\u8232 \'a0 Margin could be added then by designer?\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\fs28 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\f2\fs32 # How can the method be extended for concurrent applications
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 What if an updated version of the application is developed and should be executed on the same platform (Kjetil) \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 More chaotic applications with hundreds of identification parameters (Luc)\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\f2\fs32 # How large is the run-time configuration overhead in the experiments?
\f0\fs28 \
{\listtext	\'95	}
\f2\fs32 # How strongly are the system scenario identification dependent on having\uc0\u8232 \'a0 (long) representative input stimuli?
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320

\b \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b \cf0 Follow-up of the preliminary defence\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The Secretary of the Examination Committee needs to hand in the signed form to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://set.kuleuven.be/phd/sap/facadmin"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Faculty Administration}}. The faculty administration (ie, 
\i not 
\i0 the PhD researcher) will upload the form to the milestone in KULoket.
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://set.kuleuven.be/phd/sap/facadmin"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Faculty Administration}} will inform you about the approval of the milestone. The milestone will only be approved if the complete Examination Committee had approved your manuscript. If a second preliminary defence is required, you will find an additional milestone in your KUloket tool.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Contact the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://set.kuleuven.be/phd/sap/facadmin"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Faculty Administration}} if you have any questions.\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf0 \
\
\

\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
}